.TH REMASTERSYS 1 "2022-09-22" "4.0" "Remastersys manual pages"

.SH NAME
remastersys - script to make a bootable and installable Live CD/DVD

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBremastersys\fP [\fIcommand\fP] [\fIargs\fP] [\fIfile\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This man page documents \fBremastersys\fP, a script used to create, from an
installed Debian system, a bootable and installable Live CD/DVD, which may
contain either a Linux distribution based on your system, or a full backup copy
of it.

.SH OPTIONS
There are \fIcommands\fP, there are (or not) \fIarguments\fP and there is (or
not) a \fIfile\fP.

.SS Commands
Entering one command, and only one, is mandatory:

.TP
.B backup
.br
Makes a complete system backup \fIincluding\fP the users folders.

.TP
.B clean
.br
Deletes the temporary working directory.

.TP
.B dist
.br
Makes a complete system backup \fIbut don't includes\fP the users folders.

.TP
.B help
.br
Does not exist a "help" (or --help) command in the strict sense. However, there
is a simplified help that appears whenever the user enters any command
different from the previous ones or even no command at all. So the user can use
"--help" to maintain the habit.

.SS Arguments
Arguments are always \fIoptional\fP. The CDFS and ISO arguments should only be used if
you want to modify something on the CD before creating the ISO. An example would
be modifying the isolinux portion of Live CD/DVD. If arguments are omitted, both
CDFS and ISO will be created.

.TP
.I cdfs
.br
Creates the CD File System only. ISO will not be created.

.TP
.I iso
.br
Creates an ISO image as long as the CD File System has already been created.

.SS File
This is the output filename for the ISO to be created. Also \fIoptional\fP.

.TP
.I file
.br
Adding the ".iso" extension to the filename is not necessary as the program
will add one if it is missing. If the file parameter is not provided, the
ISO will be saved with the default name "remastersys-livecd.iso".

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B remastersys backup
.br
Creates a Live CD/DVD containing a backup of your system.

.TP
.B remastersys backup \fIcustom.iso\fP
.br
Creates a Live CD/DVD backup, and names the ISO as "custom.iso".

.TP
.B remastersys clean
.br
Deletes the working folder "/home/remastersys".

.TP
.B remastersys dist
.br
Creates a Live CD/DVD containing a distributable copy of your system.

.TP
.B remastersys dist \fIcdfs\fP
.br
Creates only the CD File System of yours Live CD/DVD distribution.

.TP
.B remastersys dist \fIiso custom.iso\fP
.br
Creates an ISO of the distribution with the name "custom.iso", as long as the
CD File System has already been created.

.SH CONFIGURATION
Default parameters can be changed in Remastersys Global Configuration file,
located at "/etc/remastersys.conf".

.SH AUTHORS
Daniel Dias Rodrigues (from 2013 onwards)
.br
Tony "Fragadelic" Brijeski (from 2007 to 2012)

.SH BUGS
Please, report bugs to
.MT danieldiasr@\:gmail.com
Daniel Dias Rodrigues
.ME .

.SH URL
The remastersys development page can be found on GitHub:
.br
.UR https://github.com/nerun/remastersys
.UE

